Thrilling, exciting, the most adventurous thing I've ever done - these are the words I would use to describe my experience while cliff jumping. 30ft high it was, though standing at top of the cliff made it look even much more higher. It took me almost 20 mintues to jump off the cliff. I still wonder how I was able to make that impossible jump. Standing at the edge of the 30ft high cliff made my legs shiver; I could listen to every heart beat of mine, there was this fear I could feel in every part of the body; There were my friends standing beside me trying their best to motivate and pursue me to make the jump. I still remember the words, 'PT jump! It just a matter of 1 second. Just jump!'. The moment was unique. I had never faced so much fear in one single moment, one that gave me goose bumps. I can never forget the moment. Once I jumped, I was in free fall for almost 2 seconds; everything felt so light and then there was this sudden splash of water hitting with full force against my body. I still feel the pain in my thighs but I don't regret it, for the experience was so much fun, one which gave me a feeling of achievement, for it had taken me to win over all my fears to reach that rare second when I finally made the jump. It was truly an unbelievable experience.

Once I made the jump and I was in water, I stood still for a few seconds to realise that I've finally done the impossible. I then immediately rushed to the nearby boat, climbed onto it and then laid straight onto it facing the sun. That was a great moment, I was lying silent on the boat, looking at the sun, reflecting on each and every moment; everything felt so slow; I could feel the sounds of the waves, the warmth of the sun and the cool water underneath. It was so relaxing and awesome to be in that moment. My friend was moving the boat around the lake, and I was lying still on the boat, enjoying each and every silent moment and looking at those people standing at the top of the cliff, making desperate efforts to jump off that cliff. Having made the adventurous jump, it was fun to be on the other side now. 

Filled with the sense of accomplishment now, I thought of giving cliff jumping one more try. Full of energy and confidence, I thought it would be a cakewalk in the second try. But it did not turn out to be so. The moment I was standing at the edge of the cliff, the same fear of height gripped me, and this time it seemed even more difficult. The water seemed distant and I nearly felt it impossible to jump off the cliff. Unlike the previous jump, there was no one to motivate this time. Even one of the organizers took a step back when he was making his 5th jump. I stood there for half an hour but could not make up my mind to jump off the cliff. I finally backed off. I rushed to the lake, jumped into the water and enjoyed relaxing myself in the deep waters. I had no regrets of not having made it in the second try.
